feat(balance): Rebalance and differentiate human missiles (#11135)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/weapons.txt

		"turn" 4
		"homing" 4
		"radar tracking" .9
		"shield damage" 185
		"hull damage" 120
		"hit force" 255
		"missile strength" 6
	description "The Sidewinder Missile is designed by Lovelace Labs, which is ironically also the designer of the Anti-Missile Turret. Rumors say that the two engineering teams at Lovelace who make the missiles and the anti-missiles are locked in furious competition with each other: the result has been generation after generation of smarter missiles and then smarter turrets to fend them off."

> 	description "	Although not as powerful or cheap as the popular Meteor Missiles, Sidewinders have several advantages, including their superior maneuverability, better tracking systems, and protective casings that make them much harder for anti-missile systems to destroy."

Reviewer: This line should probably be updated if the missile strength is changed.

> 	description "	Although not as powerful or cheap as the popular Meteor Missiles, Sidewinders have several advantages, including their superior maneuverability, better tracking systems, and protective casings that make them much harder for anti-missile systems to destroy."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Although not as powerful or cheap as the popular Meteor Missiles, Sidewinders have several advantages. This includes their superior maneuverability and better tracking systems, making it much harder for ships to dodge or decoy."
```

		"turn" 4
		"homing" 4
		"radar tracking" .9
		"shield damage" 185
		"hull damage" 120
		"hit force" 255
		"missile strength" 6
	description "The Sidewinder Missile is designed by Lovelace Labs, which is ironically also the designer of the Anti-Missile Turret. Rumors say that the two engineering teams at Lovelace who make the missiles and the anti-missiles are locked in furious competition with each other: the result has been generation after generation of smarter missiles and then smarter turrets to fend them off."

> 	description "	Although not as powerful or cheap as the popular Meteor Missiles, Sidewinders have several advantages, including their superior maneuverability, better tracking systems, and protective casings that make them much harder for anti-missile systems to destroy."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "	Although not as powerful or cheap as the popular Meteor Missiles, Sidewinders have several advantages. This includes their superior maneuverability and better tracking systems, making it much harder for ships to dodge or decoy."
```

		"hit effect" "torpedo hit"
		"die effect" "tiny explosion"
		"inaccuracy" 5
		"velocity" 0
		"velocity override" 6
		"lifetime" 900
		"reload" 150
		"firing energy" 2
		"firing heat" 45
		"acceleration" .12
		"drag" .02
		"turn" 1.5

> 		"homing" 1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"homing" 2
```

		"hit effect" "torpedo hit"
		"die effect" "tiny explosion"
		"inaccuracy" 5
		"velocity" 0
		"velocity override" 6
		"lifetime" 900
		"reload" 320
		"burst count" 3
		"burst reload" 150
		"firing energy" 2
		"firing heat" 45
		"acceleration" .12
		"drag" .02
		"turn" 1.5

> 		"homing" 1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"homing" 2
```
